 Academic License Agreement
 ================================

 Introduction 
 
This license agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which the
authors (see AUTHORS file at https://github.com/ptycho/ptypy/) (hereafter
"LICENSOR") will grant you (hereafter "LICENSEE") a royalty-free, non-exclusive
license for academic, non-commercial purposes only (hereafter "LICENSE") to use 
the PtyPy package computer software program and associated documentation
furnished hereunder (hereafter "PROGRAM").

 Terms and Conditions of the LICENSE
 
1. LICENSOR grants to LICENSEE a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use the 
PROGRAM for academic, non-commercial purposes, upon the terms and conditions 
hereinafter set out and until termination of this license as set forth below.
 
2. LICENSEE acknowledges that the PROGRAM is a research tool still in the 
development stage. The PROGRAM is provided without any related services, 
improvements or warranties from LICENSOR and that the LICENSE is entered into in 
order to enable others to utilize the PROGRAM in their academic activities. It 
is the LICENSEE’s responsibility to ensure its proper use and the correctness of 
the results.”
 
3. THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, 
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LICENSOR, THE AUTHORS OR THE 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
PROGRAM OR THE USE OF THE PROGRAM OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE PROGRAM.
 
4. LICENSEE agrees that it will use the PROGRAM and any modifications, 
improvements, or derivatives of PROGRAM that LICENSEE may create (collectively, 
"IMPROVEMENTS") solely for academic, non-commercial purposes and that any copy 
of PROGRAM or derivatives thereof shall be distributed only under the same 
license as PROGRAM. The terms "academic, non-commercial", as used in this 
Agreement, mean academic or other scholarly research which (a) is not undertaken 
for profit, or (b) is not intended to produce works, services, or data for 
commercial use, or (c) is neither conducted, nor funded, by a person or an 
entity engaged in the commercial use, application or exploitation of works 
similar to the PROGRAM.
 
5. LICENSEE agrees that it shall make the following acknowledgement in any 
publication resulting from the use of the PROGRAM or any translation of the code 
into another computing language:
 
 "Data processing was carried out using the PtyPy reconstruction package
(https://github.com/ptycho/ptypy)."

Additionally, any publication using the package, or any translation of the code 
into another computing language should cite the original PtyPy publication:

B. Enders and P. Thibault, A computational framework for ptychographic 
reconstructions, Proc. Royal Soc. A 472, 20160640 (2016). (doi: 
10.1098/rspa.2016.0640)

as well as the publications pertaining to the algorithms or methods employed 
with the package.

6. Except for the above-mentioned acknowledgment, LICENSEE shall not use the 
PROGRAM title or the names or logos of LICENSOR  in any advertising, promotional 
or sales material without prior written consent obtained from LICENSOR in each 
case.

7. Ownership of all rights, including copyright in the PROGRAM and in any 
material associated therewith, shall at all times remain with LICENSOR, and 
LICENSEE agrees to preserve same. LICENSEE agrees not to use any portion of the 
PROGRAM or of any IMPROVEMENTS in any machine-readable form outside the PROGRAM, 
nor to make any copies except for its internal use, without prior written 
consent of LICENSOR. LICENSEE agrees to place the following copyright notice on 
any such copies: 

© All rights reserved. The PtyPy team, see AUTHORS.

8. The LICENSE shall not be construed to confer any rights upon LICENSEE by 
implication or otherwise except as specifically set forth herein.

9. DISCLAIMER: LICENSEE shall be aware that Phase Focus Limited of Sheffield, UK 
has an international portfolio of patents and pending applications which relate 
to ptychography and that the PROGRAM may be capable of being used in 
circumstances which may fall within the claims of one or more of the Phase Focus 
patents (see https://www.phasefocus.com/patents). The LICENSOR explicitly
declares not to indemnify the users  of the software in case Phase Focus or any
other third party will open a legal action against the LICENSEE due to the use of
the program.

10. This Agreement shall be governed by the material laws of ENGLAND and any 
dispute arising out of this Agreement or use of the PROGRAM shall be brought 
before the courts of England and Wales. 
